Let's say, we're looking at two test scores for each student that we have.
Let's say we have 99 students.
We have, for each one,
the chemistry score, and the geology test score.
And each of these columns has its own mean and standard deviation.
If we plot these in two dimensions where chemistry score is the X axis,
and geology score is the Y axis,
we have a shape like this.
We can plot histograms like this for each axis,
each test score, and we can see the bell curves re-emerging here.
And since this dataset has more than one variable,
and each of the two variables is a Gaussian distribution,
this dataset is called a Multivariate Gaussian distribution.
So, it's a Gaussian distribution in more than one variable.
And one visual way to look at
a two-dimensional Gaussian distribution is through these concentric circles.
And so, the center here is the mean of the two axis,
and this first ellipse is the mean plus or minus the standard deviation along each axis.
And so, this circle would contain 68 percent of the data points,
the second circle would contain 95,
and then this will contain 99 percent.
And so, each concentric ellipse shows us
where one or two or three standard deviations lie in that dataset.